#Mozilla Personalization Study Research Add-On- Terms of Use & Privacy Notice

Updated:  July 30, 2014

Mozilla cares about your privacy. When _____ sends information to us, our Mozilla Privacy Policy describes how we handle that information.

##Things you should know

Mozilla is considering a web personalization feature for Firefox that puts users in control of what data is shared and with whom. This Study analyzes user engagement with personalized content, non-personalized content, and browser history to help us determine which personalization methods, if any, are most engaging to Firefox users.

Study Participants must install the User Personalization Study Add-on ("Research Add-on") to Firefox. You may uninstall the Research Add-on at any time. Otherwise, the Research Add-on will receive periodic testing updates from Mozilla and will uninstall itself no later than 6 months from initial installation. Testing updates may include new phases of the Study, such as new algorithms, surveys, and prompts.

* *What information does Mozilla receive?**: The following data may be automatically collected from Study Participants with an installed Research Add-on: (1) interests of users based on Pre-Study browsing history, for example, sports, finance, and other topics ("Interest(s)"); frequency of access to websites in each Interest; (3) engagement metrics on certain content accessed by Study Participants, including but not limited to, click rates, time spent, pagel-level, and top-level domains visited (such as .com, .org, .co.uk); (4) metrics on user engagement with Mozilla's prompts; and (5) certain user-agent information, such as browser language and cookie preferences. Your data is connected to an anonymous ID and cannot be used to personally identify you.  

In addition, You may be prompted by Firefox to share your Interests, or to edit a website "whitelist" to allow certain websites to access your Interests to display personalized content. 


* **What else can I do?**: Clicking on the icon gives you an option to clear cookies. If you select this option, Firefox will automatically clear cookies from each site you visit as an additional protection against the Heartbleed Bug.


Mozilla and non-Mozilla websites are participating in this Study to display personalized content to you through the Research Add-on. 
